Give me some energy
Butler, I'm sorry I'm late.
What are you doing here?
Don't panic, go back and clean up.
Butler, please come and let me welcome the eldest lady
I grew up watching him
Who doesn't expect the eldest lady to grow up?
Go back and clean up
Don't make me say it a third time
Go back
Hey
Fortunately, there are no scratches. Hello.
Are you blind?
Can't you see this lady's dazzling car?
You clearly opened the door without looking at the back
Forget it. Forget it.
I didn't get hurt in a hurry
I don't need you to compensate.
It's so expensive to meet such a poor person as soon as I get home
Welcome home.
Ah, why are you coughing again?
Mom, it's alright, let me do it. This dust is a bit big.
Did you get your diploma?
Got it.
I also got the live powder of Roselle Group.
That would be fine.
Stop the mess
What should I do if I let my wife and miss inhale all over?
Mom, I just arrived at the door.
He was hit by a Mrs. Tu in a hurry
Mom must find out
Which one of the blind bumped into our baby?
Still mom
Hey it's you
What's up?
I didn't expect him to be a relative of the Luo family, Luo Xueqi
You know him?
Of course I do.
He is the poor girl I just mentioned
Butler, is he also our servant?
Ah!
Miss, he is my daughter
To help me clean up
I went home and taught him a good lesson
Lian Hong, what's the matter with you?
What is our Luo family?
Do cats and dogs come in and out at will?